It's always good to have you at the park, Mr. Maellard, sir.
Don't try to fantisize with me, Bert!
Actually, sir, my name is Benson.
I know what your name is, Beanbag!
So, everything is ready for the unveiling of the new statue today, right,
Beanbag?
Yes, sir. The catering's all set up,
and the sound system is in place...
Good. Great. Only one thing missing. My son! Pops!
When I told him he had to give a speech today, he ran away, crying!
I did not invite all my friends and waste a lot of money for nothing!
Right, Beanteen?
Uh, no, sir.
Now go find Pops so he can give his speech,
or you're fired! Underline, fired!
So, what do we do first?
Find Pops, and make sure Mordecai and Rigby don't mess this up.
Hey Pops, is everything okay?
No.
My father wants me to give a speech in front of all his friends today.
But I can't,
because I'm a no-good turkey
and I'm going to strawberry jam the whole thing up!
What are you saying?
I'm just saying, I can't!
I don't know why, I just get terribly anxious when I give speeches!
I give speeches all the time. It's easy.
When do you ever give speeches?
What? It's like, just, talking in front of a bunch of people!
We talk in front of each other all the time.
Actually, yeah! We do do that!
See, Pops? We can totally help you get over your nerves.
Oh, thank you!
Okay, Pops.
I want you to pretend there's a crowd of people here.
But, they're all your family and friends.
You know, people who it's easy for you to talk to.
And... go!
I need my notes.
Let's see.
Where did everyone go?
They must have hated my speech.
No, Pops. Just pretend there are people there.
I'm not very good at pretending.
I got this.
Here.
Pretend these dudes are your friends and family in the crowd.
Where did these people come from?
Okay, Pops. Give it a shot.
Okay...
NO! NO! Get away!
STOP FOLLOWING ME!
Maybe we should just find you some real people to practice on.
Okay. Obviously, this isn't working.
I guess Pops will just never be able to give his speech,
you know what I'm saying?
How you holding up there, Pops?
I just don't think I can do it.
Hey, I know!
Why don't you just picture everybody naked?
- Naked? - Yeah!
Okay.
I don't like doing this!
Ugh. I don't know, why don't you just spin around and get dizzy or something?
What? How's that gonna do anything?
It makes more sense than looking at naked people!
Pops, what would you rather do?
Spin around and get dizzy, or look at naked people?
Get dizzy.
Why don't you give it a try, Pops?
Okay.
- Ready? - Uh-huh.
Now spin!
Oh, yes!
Is it working?
Oh my, it's true!
I am not nervous anymore!
It is workin, iti s workin!
I'm not nervous! I'm not nervous!
I'm gonna do it!
I'm gonna give the best speech I've ever given!
I cannot find Pops! Did you see him?
Nope I checked everywhere!
Muscle Man, have you seen Pops at all today?
Yeah! And you know who else has seen Pops today?
Who, your mom?
I was not gonna say that!
Why does everyone always think I'm gonna say "my mom"?
I saw Pops earlier by the playground, with those two losers.
Oh great. Mordecai and Rigby found him first.
We better find him, quick!
Okay Pops, you can stop now.
But I have to keep spinning until I give my speech!
Did I tell you Iam not nervous anymore?
- Yeah, you did. - A bunch of times, actually.
Isn't it wonderful? I think I'm finally ready!
Careful, Pops!
Is he dead?
Oh dude! He must have passed out from spinning too much!
Never pass out, when there's markers about!
Dude! This isn't some sleepover, this is serious!
Oh man! I'm gonna get help.
You stay with Pops!
Sorry about that.
Traveller Iam The Iacedrom.
And I, Ybgir.
Would you like some ice cream?
Oh yes, of course!
What brings you here, traveller?
Well, I was just getting over my fear of giving speeches.
Indeed! We all hate speeches!
In fact, we outlawed them.
Yes, yes. Quite illegal.
In here, it is forbidden to give speeches
just as it is forbidden not to enjoy ice cream.
Oh, what a relief!
- Good show! - Jolly good show indeed!
Oh no, what are you doin?! Get away from him!
Rigby!
Sorry, it's a nervous habit!
You guys were takin forever.
That is a disaster! Just Look at him!
It's not funny! Skips, what do we do?
You shouldn't have made him spin like that.
You're gonna have to go in after him.
Go in where?
Into Pops.
Make this quick. I don't want people to think we're holding hands or something.
Just spin!
Don't worry Pops, we're comin! for you
Look, there's Pops!
Pops, Pops!
Mordecai, Rigby, hello!
Pops, we have come to bring you back!
But I don't want to come back. I like it here.
But what about your speech?
I don't want to give the speech.
But we spent all that time preparin,
are you just gonna blow it off now?!
Yes!
That is ridiculous!
Come on Pops, let's go! You are comin back with us!
No, I'm not!
- Pops, let's go. - I said no!
Now listen here,
I Have gone through enough turmoil because of that confounded speech.
Why is it me that needs to speak?
Surely, there are those more qualified than I!
I hate speaking in front of crowds.
And we have tried every which way for it to work,
but I just simply cannot do it.
Why am I like that? I don't know,
but surely my father must understand
that there are limits to my abilities.
I Will never ever be able to give a speech,
again and that's just fine by me!
Never say never, Pops!
What do you mean?
You just gave a speech!
Oh my, I did! I did give a speech!
Yeah! I guess you did not get nervous because you were not facing the crowd!
It's true, I didn't feel nervous at all.
Friends, I'm sorry, but I have to leave you now.
Indeed! You do have to leave,
for you have broken the law!
No speeches!
Pops! Skips, drop us lower!
More, Skips!
That's all we got!
Pops!
Skips, pull us up!
Pops, you're awake!
Benson, my good man!
Pardon me, I just came back from that strange and wonderful place.
Okay, sure, but can you still give the speech?
Oh yes, Iam finally prepared!
Thank goodness.
We just have to get this trash off his face.
Nah, it's cool.
Pops is gonna give his speech facing backwards anyway so...
What?! You idiots, that is not some kind of joke!
He cannot give a major speech
in front of a distinguished crowd facing backwards!
If Mr. Maellard sees that, we are all gonna get fired!
Give me the marker.
Turn around, Pops.
We're dead.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I hearby dedicate this new statue to the Park.
Bravo. Bravo.
That's the whole speech?!
You have got a fine boy there, Maellard.
That went pretty well.
Are you kidding?!
You can't fire me, I thought of the marker thing.
Yeah, we totally saved you this time, Benson.
Quick, Mr Maellard's coming!
Son, you gave a fine speech out there. I am so...
very proud of you.
Oh! Thank you, papa!
Thank you.
You pulled it together out there, Ballbucket.
Good job.
Thank you, sir. It was....
no trouble.
What was that? We're the ones that found Pops!
And sent him to shock and desecrated his face!
Let's go clean you up, Pops.
That party sucks.
You wanna go back to that Dizzy World?
Yes.